README.md, before:

# React-Apps

[Learning React Js](https://roadmap.sh/react)

## CLI Tools

`Here is the list of most common CLI tools for React development:`

- [x] [create-react-app](https://create-react-app.dev/)
- [ ] [vite](https://vitejs.dev/)

  ### Create-react-app

  - https://create-react-app.dev/docs/getting-started/

## Components

`Components are the building blocks of React applications. They let us split the UI into independent, reusable pieces, and think about each piece in isolation.`

- [x] [Components and Props](https://reactjs.org/docs/components-and-props.html)
- [x] [Components in depth]()

  ## Components and Props

  - https://reactjs.org/docs/components-and-props.html
  - Components let you split the UI into independent, reusable pieces, and think about each piece in isolation.Conceptually, components are like JavaScript functions. They accept arbitrary inputs (called “props”) and return React elements describing what should appear on the screen.

    ### Functional and Class Components

  - The simplest way to define a component is to write a JavaScript function.
  - This function is a valid React component because it accepts a single “props” (which stands for properties) object argument with data and returns a React element. We call such components “function components” because they are literally JavaScript functions.

        ```
        function Welcome(props) {
            return <h1>Hello, {props.name}</h1>;
        }
        ```

    ### ES6 class

        ```
        class Welcome extends React.Component {
            render() {
                return <h1>Hello, {this.props.name}</h1>;
            }
        }
        ```

Commit message:

Functional Components
Writing functional components with props.

README.md, after:

# React-Apps

[Learning React Js](https://roadmap.sh/react)

## CLI Tools

`Here is the list of most common CLI tools for React development:`

- [x] [create-react-app](https://create-react-app.dev/)
- [ ] [vite](https://vitejs.dev/)

  ### Create-react-app

  - https://create-react-app.dev/docs/getting-started/

## Components

`Components are the building blocks of React applications. They let us split the UI into independent, reusable pieces, and think about each piece in isolation.`

- [x] [Components and Props](https://reactjs.org/docs/components-and-props.html)
- [x] [Components in depth]()

  ## Components and Props

  - https://reactjs.org/docs/components-and-props.html
  - Components let you split the UI into independent, reusable pieces, and think about each piece in isolation.Conceptually, components are like JavaScript functions. They accept arbitrary inputs (called “props”) and return React elements describing what should appear on the screen.
  - `Note: Always start component names with a capital letter.React is pretty flexible but it has a single strict rule:All React components must act like pure functions with respect to their props.Of course, application UIs are dynamic and change over time. In the next section, we will introduce a new concept of “state”. State allows React components to change their output over time in response to user actions, network responses, and anything else, without violating this rule.`

    ### Functional and Class Components

  - The simplest way to define a component is to write a JavaScript function.
  - This function is a valid React component because it accepts a single “props” (which stands for properties) object argument with data and returns a React element. We call such components “function components” because they are literally JavaScript functions.

        ```
        function Welcome(props) {
            return <h1>Hello, {props.name}</h1>;
        }
        ```

    ### ES6 class

        ```
        class Welcome extends React.Component {
            render() {
                return <h1>Hello, {this.props.name}</h1>;
            }
        }
        ```
